Document kubernetes secret store (#1622)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-secret-stores/kubernetes-secret-store.md

  - "/operations/components/setup-secret-store/supported-secret-stores/kubernetes-secret-store/"
---

## Default Kubernetes secret store component

> When Dapr is deployed to a Kubernetes cluster, a secret store with the name `kubernetes` is automatically provisioned. This is meant to streamline the usage of the native Kubernetes secret store but generally, it is a better practice to create a component definition like the one below with a custom name. Using a custom definition decouples referencing the secret store in your code from the hosting platform (Kubernetes) keeping you code more generic and portable. Additionally, by explicitly defining a Kubernetes secret store component you can connect to a Kubernetes secret store from a local Dapr self-hosted installation. This requires a valid [`kubeconfig`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/) file.

Reviewer: @orizohar @msfussell @yaron2  I don't like that we have a feature we're telling people "it is better practice" not to use. This completely goes against the point of Dapr, which is codifying best practices. Either we make it a feature we support, or we drop it. I don't want to get us stuck in this middle ground of *it's here, but don't use it*

Reviewer 2: This can be rephrased better. We are *not* telling people to not use the Kubernetes secret store that is enabled by default. In terms of security, its *just as* secure as a custom defined one. This is much like how we default to the platform's DNS resolution: on k8s we use k8s name resolution and self-hosted has mDNS.

If users want to use a default store with no added maintenance of keeping a custom definition file, they can. If they need to explicitly support multiple secret stores in multiple platforms, they will create custom definition files. This really falls under the sane defaults definition for me.

Reviewer 3: @berndverst thoughts on what @yaron2 is suggesting? Can we consider pivoting this message around user scenarios for when to use a certain approach?

> When limiting access to secrets in your application using [secret scopes]({{<ref secrets-scopes.md>}}), it's important to remember this store was automatically created and so to include it in the scope definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Scoping secret store access" color="warning" %}}
When limiting access to secrets in your application using [secret scopes]({{<ref secrets-scopes.md>}}), it's important to include this default secret store in the scope definition in order to restrict it.
{{% /alert %}}
```

Reviewer: @orizohar @msfussell @yaron2 is it me or does this seem like a security issue?

Reviewer 2: There's a wording issue here, `When` should be changed to `If`.

Reviewer 4: This is not a security issue, since you still need to be using scopes

  - "/operations/components/setup-secret-store/supported-secret-stores/kubernetes-secret-store/"
---

> 

Reviewer: Need to add a header & section on the built-in Kubernetes secret store, why it's there, and when users should use it vs when they should not.

## Create the Kubernetes Secret Store component

To setup a Kubernetes secret store create a component of type `secretstores.kubernetes`. See [this guide]({{< ref "setup-secret-store.md#apply-the-configuration" >}}) on how to create and apply a secretstore configuration. See this guide on [referencing secrets]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}) to retrieve and use the secret with Dapr components.

```yaml
apiVersion: dapr.io/v1alpha1
kind: Component
metadata:
  name: mycustomsecretstore
  namespace: default
spec:
  type: secretstores.kubernetes
  version: v1
  metadata:
  - name: ""
```
{{% alert title="Warning" color="warning" %}}

> When Dapr is deployed to Kubernetes a secret store with name `kubernetes` is automatically provisioned. We discourage use of this secret store.

Reviewer: I'd fix this wording. "Discourage use" makes people question why we even have it in the first place. I'd update this warning to say why not to use that one, and also when you would. This way people understand what each is for

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
When Dapr is deployed to Kubernetes a secret store with name `kubernetes` is automatically provisioned. This is meant to streamline the use of the native secret store Kubernetes offers. However in most cases you would most likely want to define a Kubernetes secret store using the above YAML with a custom name. This will allow you to refer to the store in the application code by the custom name with no dependency on the component - allowing you to switch components when the application is deployed in different environments and potentially using different components for different secret store implementations.
```

{{% /alert %}}

> >Note: By explicitly defining a Kubernetes secret store component you can connect to a Kubernetes secret store from a local standalone Dapr installation. This requires a valid [`kubeconfig`](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/organize-cluster-access-kubeconfig/) file.

Reviewer: I'd convert this into a note further up, explaining that the Kubernetes secret store component is compatible with both Kubernetes Dapr installations, as well as self-hosted installations. Make it a feature instead of a footnote.
